Accessibility enhancements to the ASL Reference - Phase 1 (#1154)
herd/herdtools7: asllib/doc/RuntimeEnvironment.tex

\chapter{Runtime Environment\label{chap:RuntimeEnvironment}}

An ASL runtime provides run time support within a hosting environment.

Examples of a hosting environment include an interactive interpreter, an interpreter running in batch mode, a
Verilog simulator, and  Linux process (native executable).

\RequirementDef{RuntimeConfigSetting}
The runtime should provide a mechanism to set configuration (\texttt{config})
variables before the entry point (default: \texttt{main}).

\RequirementDef{RuntimeConfigReading}
Configuration variables are read only once the entry point is called.
The runtime may enforce this.

\RequirementDef{RuntimeDeafultEntry}
The default entry point is the \texttt{main} function, which has the signature
\verb|func main() => integer|.

\RequirementDef{RuntimeReturn}
When evaluation from the entry point returns (without throwing an exception)
the runtime should pass the return value to the hosting environment.
%
For example: an ASL runtime for native executables may use the return value

> of main as the exit status of the process.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
of \texttt{main} as the exit status of the process.
```

%
By convention a return value of zero indicates success and a return value of
one indicates failure.
%
An alternative (non-default) entry point may be specified by the user if
supported by the runtime. Not all runtimes may support alternative entry points.

\RequirementDef{RuntimeUncaught}
Uncaught exceptions cause termination of the application by the runtime.

> If an exception is thrown from \texttt{main} it is

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
If an exception is thrown from the entrypoint it is
```
